The Massa's Runned Away, sung by Lemuel
Jeffus, Lovelady, Texas.
Oh, darkies, have you seen the massa this morning with the mustache on his face?
He was all dressed up this very morning like he's gonna leave the place.
Oh, the massa left the place, and the darkies stayed at home.
It must be now that the kingdom's coming in the air of jubilee.
He's five foot one way, six foot the other, and he's 500 pounds.
His coat's so big that he can't pay the tailor and it won't meet half a round.
Oh, the massa's ran away, and the darkies stayed at home.
It must be now that the kingdom's coming in the air of jubilee.
The massa's saw the smoke way up the river where the Lincoln gunboats lay.
And he picked up his hat and he left in a hurry and I think he's ran away.
All the massa's ran away and the darkies stayed at home.
It must be now that the kingdom's coming in the air of jubilee.
The master lives in the big white house and the dark is in the cabin inn on the lawn.
They'll move their things up the master's parlor to keep it while he's gone.
Oh, the massa's ran away and the darkies stayed at home.
It must be now that the kingdom's coming in the air of jubilee.
There's wine and cider in the smokehouse cellar and the darkies they'll have come.
I think they'll all be confiscated for the length that soldiers come.
All the massa's ran away and the darkies stayed at home.
It must be now that the kingdom's coming in the air of jubilee.